Added PoCL build/usage instructions for MacOS (#1835)
pocl/pocl: doc/sphinx/source/macos.rst

====================================
Setting up and running PoCL on MacOS
====================================

Note about the kernel compiler
------------------------------
Clang/LLVM is included with Xcode, but at least the default 
installation lacks development headers/libraries and llvm-config.
As a result, this version cannot be used as a kernel compiler for PoCL.

> Simplest way to install llvm is through Homebrew::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to install llvm is through Homebrew::
```

    brew install llvm
    export PATH=/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin:$PATH

Then, ensure that LLVM is correctly set up for PoCL::

    which clang
    /opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin/clang
    llvm-config --version
    19.1.7

Alternatively, you can compile LLVM from source (Example is for an ARM Mac)::

    git clone https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project
    cd llvm-project
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake -G Ninja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo -DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS="clang;llvm"
    -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<path-to-installation-directory> -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD="AArch64" ../llvm

    ninja install

1. Using pre-built binaries
-----------------

**Homebrew**

> PoCL with CPU driver support Intel and Apple Silicon chips can be found on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PoCL with CPU driver supports Intel and Apple Silicon chips can be found on 
```

homebrew and can be installed with::

    brew install pocl

> Note that this installs an ICD loader from KhronoGroup and the builtin OpenCL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this installs an ICD loader from KhronoGroup and the built-in OpenCL
```

implementation will be invisible when your application is linked to this loader.

**Conda**

> PoCL with CPU driver support Intel and Apple Silicon chips can be found on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PoCL with the CPU driver supports Intel and Apple Silicon chips can be found on 
```
